

1.Registration forms not there.(for User,Admin,Cloud server)
Ans) here we are doing MTECH project based on secure searching algorithm so we have not concentrate on designing
regsitration forms. In application there will be only one cloud and admin so no login/register require. Any user
who are interested in searching can login to application by using username as 'user' and password as 'user' and then
he can access application. Here we are not supposed to build login or regsitration but need to develop algorithm
by creating AVL tree from dataset and then allow user to perform serach opration on that tree.


2.Product  retrieval search not there.
Ans) All IEEE papers will used some types of dataset to experiment with their paper technique and MTECH guides also
ask to use dataset describe in paper instead of generating own data. As dataset describe in paper will consider suitable in
achieving paper output. In ur paper also author has used ENRON EMAIL dataset which is collection of email documents and using this
dataset he has generated AVL tree. Content of email document will be store in AVL tree branches and make it ready for search.
Whenever user give query then it will search in AVL tree and give result. To perform search operation we need to have some data
either it may be enron email data or product data. Here product data not available on internet so author used ENRON dataset
and we also used same dataset. In this application user will upload enron document to cloud server and cloud server build AVL
tree from that document and make AVL try available for search 

3.Key Generation(How it works) Emails not registered.
Ans) In this paper we are not generating key from email but its generating from file name which user is uploading. Here enron 
dataset document name will be consider as key and its content will be consider as data for encryption. Below code is used to
generate key from file name.

String filename = upload_file;   //getting filename
byte key[] = filename.getBytes(); //converting file to bytes
String hash = Hash.getHash(identifier.getBytes(),key); //generating hashcode from file for verification
b = AES.encrypt(file_content_data,key.getBytes()); //encrypting file data with given key

4.Extension Concept not there,I want 2 Extension concepts so that I can select one from them.
Ans) In ur extension you can add cache memory concept where user perform search data will be store in cache memory. Whenever
user give same query then application obtained it from cache instead of researching from AVL tree. Searching again and again
from AVL may consume lots of time so by maintaining cache memory u can reduce execution time and give response to user faster.

second extension: In cloud whenever user upload file then it occupy some space and based on cloud space useage cloud server
will charge and to reduce this storage space cose we can compress the file before storage so it take less space and less charge
will be applied
